Draft proposal for supporting Flux (different to flux mini) (#5229)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/executor.md

The `flux` executor allows you to run your pipeline script using the [Flux Framework](https://flux-framework.org).

> Nextflow manages each process as a separate job that is submitted to the cluster by using the `flux submit` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nextflow submits each process to the cluster as a separate job using the `flux submit` command.
```
